Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
CAMPING SCHOOL INFORMATION
Are you going on the school trip?
If you're going,
we're thinking of going too...
Why do you ask me
every little thing?!
Do whatever you like!
Miyabi!
She's not in a good mood.
It's no surprise...
...because even her last chance,
Urumi, didn't work.
Wow! Move! Move away!
Hey, hey!
Unless you speed up a little more...
...we won't have
enough room to make it!
Are you sure you're going
to give me the money...
...if I reach 60km/h?!
You've been luring me with stuff...
...and making me pick you up
every morning...!
Hey, it's almost 60km/h!
Really?! Wowwwww!
Move, move!
Is he going to run us over?!
They'd better be more serious!
Urumi, Onizuka!
I'm coming!
Comaneci in the air!
Your reference is out of date!
Uncool.
Shut up!
They're so stupid!
You guys are so easy.
I can teach you a real dive!
Stop!
It isn't a good idea
to jump from there!
Here I come!
Moonsault Dive!
Is he okay?
Doesn't look good...
Is he dead?
Felt good!
All right. One more time!
You're bleeding from your nose!
- Don't do it anymore.
- You'll die!
Let's do it. You too!
- Stop!
- Leave us alone!
Let's go!
You've changed, Kanzaki.
You used to force
yourself to smile...
...and you usually had
a blank expression on your face.
Onizuka is a really mysterious guy.
He's stupid, simple-minded,
lewd and a punk...
It's hard to believe
he's a teacher...
Yeah...
I, who hated
the school that much...
...can't help coming here
every day now.
It's really strange.
I wonder if I owe him for that...
This is the first time
I've ever thought school is fun.
I hope this lasts long...
Of course it will,
as long as he's here.
You! Get serious!
We almost died!
LADIES' ROOM
You've got
many friends now, Urumi-chan.
It's good for you
to enjoy school.
It's hard to believe...
...you didn't come
to school for a long time.
If you envy me that much...
...I don't mind
including you in our group.
How can you enjoy yourself
with a teacher?!
You traitor!
Did you forget about our friend?!
We had one more person
in Class 2-4!
Did you forget about that?!
Sorry.
I didn't come to school
at that time...
...and I don't know the details.
What did you say?!
That's enough.
If you want to get Onizuka
fired that much, do it by yourself.
Or can't you do anything alone?
I guess you can't,
because you're a princess.
Shit!
That woman makes me sick!
She called me a princess!
Don't mess with me!
Now I'll get Onizuka fired
no matter what method we use.
Crap! I'll get him fired!
Definitely!
But how are we going to do it?
Our last chance was Urumi,
and she's on Onizuka's side.
Even if we want to get
our homeroom teacher fired...
I don't think we can do
anything serious enough...
...to get Onizuka fired
by ourselves...
I have an idea.
I've got
some interesting information.
Wow! It's WCCS Frogman!
I've always wanted that.
How did you get it, Kusano?!
Well, when I went
into a shop in Kichijoji...
...they had only ten in stock.
I couldn't help buying one,
even though it cost me 50,000 yen.
50,000 yen?!
You were definitely cheated!
Don't you know it?!
When it lights up,
a manta ray shows up.
It's a limited edition
and extremely rare!
They'll be sold out soon.
Why don't you buy one now?
How can I buy one?!
Please let me have it just today!
Oh, stop it.
You're going to scratch it.
- Let me have it!
- Don't touch it!
- Fujiyoshi!
Sakurada wants you
to come to the faculty room.
Sakurada said?
Collecting money?! Me?!
That's right!
I want you to collect
everyone's money for the school trip.
But isn't that a job
for our class representatives?
Think about it!
Class 3-4 has a lot of problems
including their unbelievable teacher.
You are the only one I can trust.
Understand?
But...
I'm counting on you. All right?
Why do I have to do this...?
28,000 yen per person
times 40 people...
1, 120,000 yen!
1, 120,000 yen! Wow!
Let's escape to a foreign country
with this money, just us!
Idiot!
If we do that...
...the others can't go
on the school trip.
If we invest
that money in junk bonds...
...and leave them for ten years...
...then it would turn quite a prof it.
Rather than that,
why don't we make pamphlets...
...saying "Japanese cattle
owners needed" and trick them?
What are you thinking of?!
I'll bet 1, 120,000 yen
on No. 2 to show.
Combination with 3, 4, 6 and 8.
Yeah, I got cash.
It isn't your money!
As Sakurada said,
they are terrible.
But if I had this money...
...I could have bought
the Frogman with no problems...
What am I thinking...?!
Excuse me.
Where is Sakurada-sensei?
He already went home.
What?
They'll be sold out soon.
Why don't you buy one now?
I guess I can just look at it...
Thank you very much!
I did it. I bought it!
Unbelievable!
It's genuine!
Real Frogman WCCS!
Wow, cool!
I guess I have to ask Mom...
...for an advance on my allowance
and return the money.
Then it won't be stealing...
Wow, I'm glad I bought it!
Oh!
The manta ray is shining! Wow!
Hello. Yes, It's me.
Are you going home now?
I still have a lot of energy.
You haven't done it for a long time.
He's frustrated...
Oh, shut up, kids!
By the way, where is Fujiyoshi?
We did it! Perfect!
I don't know.
I haven't seen him since he left
with the money for the faculty room.
Did he split with the money?
No way.
He doesn't have the guts to do it.
That's true.
Okay, I'll be waiting for you then.
- Bye, Teacher!
- See you!
Yeah!
- Return to me!
- No.
Hey, don't run in the room.
He took my Dean!
You lost in the game!
Miyako, where is Mom?
Working.
I'm home now.
Welcome back, Koji.
I have a favor to ask.
Yes? Allowance?
How did you know?
Please!
Please advance me 50,000 yen!
I'll collect my New Year's
cash present from relatives...
...and pay you back.
Please!
We can't afford that much.
We just paid the fee
for your school trip.
I'm sure
you know our money situation.
As I thought, it's hopeless...
This isn't good...
I have to do something.
Otherwise...
... I'll have to return
the Frogman to the store...
Oh, no,
I can't find the collection bag!
I'm sure it was here
when I bought the G-Shock...
Did I....?
No way...!
Did I lose it?!
SHUKIN BUKURO
(COLLECTION BAG)
What's going on, Sakurada-sensei?
The third-year students' grades
are really low...
...compared to the other years.
That's because...
If it continues like this...
...it hurts the reputation
of our prestigious...
...Holy Forest Academy
and the PTA will start to complain.
I'm telling you, Vice Principal,
there is a reason...
No excuse is necessary.
This trash! Useless man!
I did you a favor making you
the head teacher of the third year...
...and this is how you repay me?
If this lasts,
you need to resign...
...as the head teacher
of the third year...
Or you may need to leave the school
and take full responsibility.
Be prepared.
No! Please don't do that!
Oh, it makes me sick!
It makes me sick!
God damn it!
Damn it! Damn!
What's the matter, teacher?
Your work seems really hard.
In order to lessen your stress,
you did this...
Wow! What a big lump!
As you said, I asked Fujiyoshi
to collect the money.
So you've kept it secret,
haven't you?
I have another favor to ask...
What?!
Don't get carried away...
...just because I listened to you
the first time...
You're a damned girl!
I won't listen to you anymore!
Okay, then.
You won't mind if I distribute
this photo all over the school.
You?!
Is this what's called cross-dressing?
You have a nice hobby,
Sakurada-sensei.
Oh, my God!
This, this was the time
I thought I needed to have...
...some different
experiences as a teacher...
If other people find out,
I wonder what will happen.
The PTA will accuse you...
...you may get demoted,
or even fired...
That won't be enough.
If his children find out
their father is like that...
...they'll be ashamed
and his wife would leave him, too.
She'll divorce him,
and the family will be destroyed...
No! Please don't do that!
I beg of you!
Then you'll help us,
won't you, Sakurada-sensei...
...the head teacher
of the third year?
Idiot!
Shoot!
Remember!
When I bought it, it was in my bag!
That's right!
Wow... I'm bored.
The only way I can kill time
is to watch porn videos...
Onizuka-sensei!
Boy, I was looking
for you everywhere.
Sakurada-sensei. You're still here?
As a matter of fact...
I want to take you
to a special place...
What?!
A secret school uniform bar?!
I've heard that young
and energetic girls...
... provide a good time...
As part of social study for a teacher,
I thought we should check it out...
Sure! We have to go!
It's a social study!
I'm going! Definitely going!
Please wait a minute.
I'm getting my jacket!
Oh, cologne. Cologne.
I'm ready!
Energetic gals' great time...!
Then I may be...
Wow! I can't wait!
Welcome!
- Lost and found?!
- What?
Why is this in my jacket?
Well, Onizuka-sensei,
we have to go soon... Wow!
What?
What's this 1, 120,000 yen?!
Is this 1, 120,000 yen?
How do you know
the exact amount?
Oh, no, but we have to go now,
or we'll be late for our reservation...
Yeah, yes, that's true, but...
Oh, well.
It isn't a problem to have it anyway.
Let's go, Sakurada-sensei.
We don't have it.
No one left any cash here.
You should have it!
It's in a shabby paper envelope!
I can't think of any
other place but here!
No matter how many times
you look for it, nothing is here.
Sometimes
we see people look for problems...
Don't screw around with me!
Oh, shit!
Here we are.
Wow, they really get into it.
I'm even blindfolded...
Because this is a secret bar
with real high school gals.
It's pretty severe...
Here we are.
Wait a minute!
Okay now!
Welcome!
Welcome to the secret infirmary
of Pink School!
How about it, Onizuka-sensei?
Secret infirmary?
This is exactly the same
as the real one.
Here we go, Teacher.
Please. Teacher...
I've heard that you're a teacher.
Today please enjoy all the things...
...you can't do with your students.
What is the size of this glass?!
- Please.
- What?
Drink in one gulp!
Go, go, go, go!
Here.
Please enjoy yourself, Onizuka-sensei!
A teacher needs some
excitement once in a while.
I'm so grateful
that you took me here...
...Sakurada-sensei.
It's heaven. Heaven!
I thought you were a serious guy,
but you like this stuff...!
Okay, everyone!
Go, go, go, go!
- Go, go, go, go!
- All right!
There are
different kinds of lost items...
It's cash.
About 1. 1 million yen.
What? Are you joking?!
It's not a joke. I'm serious.
What are you talking about?
Are you saying
that much money is yours?
No.
Then whose is it?
Explain that to me.
It's for school...
School?
Which school do you belong to?
... Holy Forest...
What? I can't hear you.
What's up?
This kid is asking if 1. 1 million yen
is in Lost and Found.
1.1 million yen?
How did you get that much money?
Why were you carrying it?
You! Answer me!
You didn't steal it, did you?
How could I steal it?
Don't make a fool of me!
Shit police!
Hey, wait! Hey!
Crap!
Out! Safe!
Here comes a result!
Shit!
This time, I'm going to beat you!
All right. Here we go.
When you play baseball...
This is what you wanted,
right, Aizawa?
-... let's do this way.
- Thank you, Sakurada-sensei.
Your performance was pretty good.
- Out! Safe! Here comes the result!
- Please stop here, I beg of you.
Deceiving someone really
bothers my conscience.
Are you all right
if everyone knows your secret?
Are you still going to use me?
Miyabi! He's pretty wasted.
Don't worry. Make him drink
until he can't remember anything.
I'll give everyone a good tip!
Okay!
Look at him. Idiot.
He's enjoying himself
without a doubt.
Out, safe, here comes the result!
Oh, shit! Where is it?
Yeah, limbo! Limbo!
How could I lose
that much money...?
What should I do...?
How could I tell my classmates...?
Help, please help...
Onizuka-sensei...!
It'll be a lot of fun tomorrow.
All right! Next is
the Moustache Dance! Oops.
Wow, strange...
It's spinning...
Hey, isn't he dead?
No way...
Stinky!
Drunk guy?
Bad habit, really.
What's this...?
Why am I here?
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
I'll look for it harder.
Please wait for a week.
It must be somewhere.
I beg of you! Please!
Onizuka! Hey, Onizuka!
So study by yourselves!
It seems I was the one...
...who used the money
for the school trip...
That isn't the point!
Don't cry, Fujiyoshi.
That's right!
You surprised me!
Onizuka-sensei!
Here it is!
When I came to school,
I found a suicide note...
He'll take full responsibility
with his death...
SEE YA NEXT TIME